happy day my internet dues and dude and
it is popping out there and the city is
at morning rush hour and it's actually
kind of beautiful day out today is a
special one yogoro has been wearing the
same glasses for about five years and my
heart is so happy it feels like
Christmas because glasses usa.com hooked
it up and sent me some super sick brain
so this is a hashtag sponsored vlog but
I am going to head out and do my normal
New York City thing I got some meetings
got some fun stuff and I'm just going to
be doing it in style it'll have my new
six speaking of that I need to unbox
them because I can't see I'm on the
contacts in obviously very excited let's
try them all on you guys can fight in
the comments which ones you like that
it's amazing that they're yourself
because I am actually a glass of us a
customer in the past so they offer ones
that are 70% off the retail price
because they cut out the middleman and
go directly to consumers see you guys do
you get the fairest price bottom is USA
calm also offers over 2500 styles from
eyeglasses to sunglasses as you like on
the shell from in health brands to also
designer brands these I'm very excited
about these are actually Ravens that
they put prescription lenses in so I can
have the same style that I usually wear
you guys know I wear those Raven honey's
all the time but now I have a hair with
the prescription and then so if I'm
wearing normal glasses I am have a pair
of sunnies I'm very excited about the
that's right there that's cool the top
money talks specifics well oh my gosh
wait guys I've always wanted a pair of
glasses I could do that how do I get it
back on nailed it
anyway what I was saying is you can get
a complete pair of glasses starting at
the price of $48 so these lenses I think
were the most risky for me because I've
never looked good with white but it's
grey on the top white on the bottom I
think we'll see we shall see
oh my gosh wait I think I like these are
cool are they cool guys do I look cool
good and the left as I these are super
stylish what do you think well I got to
go out in about in the city so I think
I'll start with some sunny if at any
point in this video you're just like
dang I need some cool glasses for a very
reasonable low price and hit that link
in the description below
well let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
Josh what do you do are you later
more or less come on the pretend a bit
and I make vision okay yeah so basically
like skating photography and Josh pass
everyone you want to know you want to
like show off some skills and your
cruiser board this is my cruiser I
should say it's not my real one
and she's forcing me to use it not a
helmet yeah I'm forcing you to do a
trick yeah hey Josh that's where we part
ways do you like my new glasses yeah
[Music]
one
[Applause]
[Music]
may die here on the west side but it is
so windy as in Spain I think there's a
storm a-brewing clips probably by the
way I know it's insane the waves are
going but look at this view it's so
pretty I love the city so much
[Applause]
[Music]
I always been insanely fascinated by the
glasses that you could turn in so
sunglasses I think I got it down I think
I can take them on and awesome very
quickly ready set go
all right all right I can do better I
can do better
oh no I'm not as well exciting is all
sigh houses down see the trick if you're
curious is move these the bottom out and
you're good to go prove it
[Music]
first got on it with a lot of editing on
the weather was kind of crazy today it
was funny I was not writing and then a
crazy storm was like it was crazy
there were like plastic bags literally
floating in the wind like Katy Perry
look at the rain just go in sideways
it wouldn't going everywhere and now
guys I've never seen the sky like I
would say the sky is peachy colored
can you see it's so hard to see it's
like bright orange I don't know if you
can tell but it's literally the most
beautiful orange I've ever seen
I'm tired I just finished up some
editing I am getting some travel videos
done for you guys hopefully you will see
those in the very near future there's a
good day got to meet up with some cool
people right around experience insane
weather in a epic New York City sub-site
allows them certainly not least Rock
today in style
courtesy of glasses usa.com I do Tom for
a company like glasses USA comm who
makes an awesome product but is also
supporting the Peachy fan and support
that some creative life so make sure to
check out that link down the description
below you can use their fancy virtual
mirror where you can try on any other
glasses that I've been wearing today or
any of their selection they offer free
shipping and returns a 100% money back
guarantee 24/7 customer service in a 365
day product warranty did you guys so
much for watching it's always a better
day when it's spent with Luigi Sam let
me know if you like this video
it does subscribe button down below if
you are new around here for new videos
every Monday through Friday and remember
stay PG okay by me
[Music]